hey guys jeff here from right gamer what
you're about to see is some clips from
the cross-platform comedy stand-up show
we did at comic-con this year I hope you
enjoy I'll leave you with one last
thought back on world of warcraft
because i know you guys love that
clearly this guy does but uh i was in
the game doing my female night elf thing
and i should say i don't think i would
play a female Knight up but i like to do
the dance thing and my female fans kind
of like this Oh keep going anyway some
dude I'm standing around I wasn't doing
the dance of TIE my mind of my own damn
business this dude walks up to me it
just goes dude you're so hot what are
you saying that my only response to like
creepy dude right two seconds later he
writes back I'm not creepy where do you
live so I just ignore him for like five
minutes not know what to do but he keeps
like messaging me like hey you want to
group up hey need a help what's going on
finally I right back what my wife always
says to me when she wants to end their
like midday I am conversations we have i
right I've got a dick they usually shuts
me down
my clothes yeah because I'll be over
here he writes back nice all caps
exclamation actuation explanation nice
right it's not like all right dude it's
game on so I don't describing what I
look like right it's a fictional world
I'm like I'm like a female version of
Santa Claus but to take double D boobs
you can take me like an alpha we can do
this reindeer style and the discussion
right no he was that what are you coming
over my mom makes really good s'mores
and that's the last time I played World
of Warcraft people thank you so much
fucking jump right man
right you guys this man's past you going
to climb here across platform comedy